Execute actions before appending block (#591)
planetarium/libplanet: CHANGES.md

 -  Fixed a bug where `Swarm<T>` renders actions in same block multiple times
    when reorg happens.  [[#579]]
 -  `LiteDBStore` became to guarantee atomicity of storing blocks. [[#584]]

>  -  Fixed a bug that actions are executed after appending a block.  [[#591]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 -  Fixed a bug that `BlockChain<T>` had appended a block even if fails to evaluate.  [[#591]]
```
